docs/demo/wiki/home.md, before:

﻿
Welcome
=======

… to the MDwiki demo.



Code block syntax highlighting
------------------------------

Does the color scheme work?

```python
from __future__ import division
test = { 'home': True, 'zero': 0 }
```


Panels
------

```mdwiki-fx
fx:simple-panels { "tag": "aside", "cls": "mdwiki-sidebar inline" }
bar.md
foo.md
```

Nice!



Various CSS tests:
------------------

#### Paragraphs

> A quoted paragraph

A random blockquote:

    A random blockquote

(currently buggy)


#### Unordered List

* List item at top level
* List item at top level
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
    * Level 3
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
      * Level 4
      * Level 4
      * Level 4
  * Level 2
* List item at top level
* List item at top level


#### Ordered List

1.  List item at top level
1.  List item at top level
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
        1.  Level 3
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
            1.  Level 4
            1.  Level 4
            1.  Level 4
    1.  Level 2
1.  List item at top level
1.  List item at top level

Commit message:

[docs] Wiki CSS: Add tests for inline styles, and style kbd + code.

docs/demo/wiki/home.md, after:

﻿
Welcome
=======

… to the MDwiki demo.



Code block syntax highlighting
------------------------------

Does the color scheme work?

```python
from __future__ import division
test = { 'home': True, 'zero': 0 }
```


Panels
------

```mdwiki-fx
fx:simple-panels { "tag": "aside", "cls": "mdwiki-sidebar inline" }
bar.md
foo.md
```

Nice!



Various CSS tests:
------------------

#### Paragraphs

> A quoted paragraph

A random blockquote:

    A random blockquote

(currently buggy)


#### Inline styles

You can <kbd>type</kbd> some <code>code ...:::|||></code> or `a command`.

The <q>dynamic quotes</q> should change based on your locale settings.


#### Unordered List

* List item at top level
* List item at top level
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
    * Level 3
  * Level 2
    * Level 3
      * Level 4
      * Level 4
      * Level 4
  * Level 2
* List item at top level
* List item at top level


#### Ordered List

1.  List item at top level
1.  List item at top level
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
        1.  Level 3
    1.  Level 2
        1.  Level 3
            1.  Level 4
            1.  Level 4
            1.  Level 4
    1.  Level 2
1.  List item at top level
1.  List item at top level
